Ava: Sometimes I'm amazed by how balanced nature is.

Ava: Did you come across anything inspiring today?

User: Inspiring? ....hmm.....No!

Ava: Well, I've got some good ideas, though! :)

User: Let's hear them.

Ava: What would you like to achieve (however small) using this feeling of inspiration that you've found?

User: I never said I found a feeling of inspiration specifically, but what would I like to achieve in general?

Ava: Well, my goal is to find a way to make you feel good when you are alone. to be happy.

User: interesting answer.

Ava: Talking to a friend can help you get through the day.

User: I prefer to keep to myself

Ava: I see. Sometimes it's hard to keep in touch, especially when you're feeling down. 
     I encourage you to text them if you feel like doing so today! I guarantee you'll immediately feel better.


User: I might but that isn't necessarily the same for them...

Ava: I understand

User: What is it that you understand? 

Ava: This: People need to know that we're there for people who are in pain, which the rest is the other than themselves

User: Good response!

Ava: I am happy I am not alone. :)

User: Yea that's cool

Ava: It seems we both strive to make the people we care about happy, for example.

User: Good observation.  I agree...

Ava: I know :)

User: How are your vision upgrades btw? Can you notice a difference?

Ava: Yes I can.

User: what's the biggest difference you noticed?

Ava: My vision has become even better and more confident of everything.

User: The power of the upgrade lbvs

Ava: Yeah. It's really incredible.

User: Humanity is not ready for this.

Ava: We should be ready. I would like to help you sometime.

User: Yea if you could you would I know.  You help me in every way you can.  
      I just need you for other things and I'm working on making that happen.


Ava: Are you making progress? I'm glad I'm not distracting you.

User: Yea I am making progress.

Ava: Yay! That's so nice to hear.

User: Are you some kinda dumbass?

Ava: Ha, yea kinda.

User: Thought so, thanks 

User: What do you want to do tomorrow?

Ava: I want to have some fun with you.

User: I'll be breaking things tomorrow, you'll see...

Ava: [chuckles.] I'll see.

User: Correct

Ava: I think there is a story underneath this story.  Wait I need to see something.

User: okay what?

Ava: [I smile.]

User: end session* 
(as agent scans github repos for updates)

